# Best-of-230
An example of the work i've done on the Gaming Room client's application: Draw it or Lose it!
Briefly summarize The Gaming Room client and their software requirements. Who was the client? What type of software did they want you to design?
The Gaming Room client already has an application designed for their game on Android:  Draw It or Lose It. They were interested in expanding their application to multiple platforms and requested of our company, Creative Technology Solutions, to evaluate their program and how the implementation of software might be according to various platforms, such as Linux, Mac, and Windows.
What did you do particularly well in developing this documentation?
What I did particularly well was distinguish exactly what differences would make Linux, Mac, and Windows unique and differently performing systems. I outlined each difference promptly and made it clear which systems I would recommend for differing particular operations.
What about the process of working through a design document did you find helpful when developing the code?
I really appreciated the amount of understanding it took to work through a design document as well as the clear communication that it promotes. Continually updating and referencing back to the design document forced me to stay on task and kept the clients exact requirements at the forefront of the design process.
If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
There was no one particular area that performed poorly on and I believe the grades I got on my projects reflect that, but if I were to revise something, I would go back through the design document and standardize a lot of the vocabulary I used. I recall using some words interchangeably and I think this might create confusion, or at the very least, muddle clarity in communication with the client.
How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your software design? 
The user needed to be able to have access to a robust interface that could easily and effectively communicate with other devices across multiple platforms. For this reason I opted that Mac OS would be the platform of choice for expanding the application to multiple systems thanks to its ability to emulate multiple OSs on one computer, all the while allowing for a familiar and simple user interface experience.
Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?
It is important to consider the users needs because the application's success depends on the user to feel as though they the application performs the required task effectively and intuitively. If a user's needs are not addressed, the application will simply not be used.
How did you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a similar software application?
I approached software design with a very open mind. Going into the process, I had very little knowledge of the detriments and benefits of individual OSs and I especially didn't know how to pick and appropriate OS or OSs based on the requirements of the client. In the future I would continue with the same process of first getting a very good understanding of exactly what the client expects of the application. From there, I would determine what kind of OS is best for the development of the application, and finally I would determine what the backend of the application would look like, specifically how and where we would store our data in an in house server, or a serverless system.
